Yami-Yugi:
PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
BEYOND THIS MOUNTAIN
IS A SACRED VALLEY
WHERE DRIFTING SOULS
ARE SAID TO GATHER.
FINDING THE SOUL
YOU SEEK IS EASY.
LEAVING WITH YOUR OWN
IS ANOTHER THING.
SOMEHOW
I'VE LOST CONTACT
WITH THE PHARAOH.
THEN LET ME
BE YOUR EYES,
MASTER.
I'LL TRACK
HIM DOWN...
AND MAKE UP
FOR MY FAILURE.
Yami-Yugi:
YUGI! I'VE FOUND YOU!
YOU CAME ALL THIS WAY
JUST TO SEE ME?
WITHOUT YOUR LIGHT
TO KEEP ME PURE,
I'M BECOMING EVIL, YUGI!
YOU NEED TO BE A MAN FOR ONCE
AND FACE ME IN A DUEL NOW!
YUGI! NO!
Yugi: QUEEN'S KNIGHT,
ATTACK!
Yami-Yugi: I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP CARD...
DIVINE WIND!
WHAT'VE I DONE!?
Yugi: YOU PASSED
THE TEST, PAL.
BY DEFEATING ME,
YOU WERE ABLE TO DEFEAT
THE DARKNESS THAT WAS
INSIDE YOUR HEART.
YOU DID WHAT WAS BEST
FOR ME AND FOR MANKIND.
I'M ALWAYS...WITH...YOU.
[GASP]
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ IT'S TIME TO D-D-D-DUEL ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
Tea: SEEMS LIKE THE PHARAOH'S
IN PRETTY BAD SHAPE DOWN THERE.
Ironheart: OF COURSE.
THERE'S STILL A HOLE
IN HIS HEART THAT HAS
YET TO BE FILLED.
Tea, thinking:
POOR GUY.
HE STILL
BLAMES HIMSELF
FOR WHAT HAPPENED
TO YUGI.
[PANTING]
Yami-Yugi: YUGI.
IF IT WEREN'T FOR ME,
YOU'D STILL BE HERE.
I'LL NEVER FORGIVE MYSELF.
Rafael: HA HA HA!
TIME FOR YOU
TO PAY UP, PHARAOH.
Yugi: NO!
UHH!
YUGI! STOP!
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE!?
IT ONLY NEEDS ONE OF US,
SO I'M LETTING THE SEAL
TAKE ME INSTEAD!
NOOOOO! YUGI!
MARK MY WORDS!
I WON'T REST
UNTIL I GET YOU BACK!
UHH!
IT'S NOT FAIR.
I SHOULD BE LOCKED AWAY...
NOT YOU!!
I'M THE ONE
WHO PLAYED THAT EVIL CARD.
Tea: HE'S GOTTA
SNAP OUTTA THIS.
IF HE KEEPS WALLOWING
IN THE PAST,
WE'LL NEVER
FIND YUGI!
HANG
IN THERE.
WELL, WHATTA YA KNOW?
THE PHARAOH DID SURVIVE,
BUT I'M GONNA HAFTA
CHANGE THAT.
[ELECTRONIC BEEPING]
THIS HAD BETTER
BE GOOD.
Rafael: I'VE LOCATED
THE PHARAOH, MASTER.
NICE WORK FOR ONCE.
NOW ALL I HAFTA DO IS
FINISH WHAT I STARTED!
Dartz:
NO, YOU FOOL!
AAH! SOMETHING'S
GOT ME, SIR!
HOW OBSERVANT OF YOU!
THAT VALLEY IS INHABITED
BY EVIL APPARITIONS.
BUT I WOULD NEVER EXPECT
YOUR MINUSCULE BRAIN
TO COMPREHEND THAT.
NOW THROW YOUR STONE
INTO THE RUINS.
[GRUNTING]
ANCIENT SPIRITS
OF THE ORICHALCOS,
I CALL HUMBLY UPON THEE
TO AWAKEN THE SOUL
OF ONE OF YOUR OWN
FROM THE DEPTHS
OF THE EARTH.
COME FORTH,
MY ORICHALCOS SOLDIER...
AND BRING THE PHARAOH TO ME!
[DARTZ LAUGHING]
[GASP] WHAT'S THIS!?
IT'S AN EARTHQUAKE!
Chris:
OH, NO!
Thinking:
I'M AFRAID IT'S WORSE THAN THAT.
SHOW YOURSELF!
[ROARING]
[GASP]
I THOUGHT SO!
WHO ARE YOU!?
AND WHAT IS THIS
ALL ABOUT!?
NOT MUCH OF
A TALKER, I SEE.
CAREFUL, PHARAOH.
THIS CREATURE IS
MORE DANGEROUS
THAN YOU KNOW.
YOU'VE SEEN
THIS THING BEFORE!?
I HOPE IT'S ON MY SIDE.
WELCOME BACK, MY CHILD.
IT'S TIME TO WAGE WAR AGAIN!
AND THIS TIME...WE'LL WIN!
[ROARING]
Spirit voice: CLOSE YOUR EYES
AND SEE THE TRUTH.
SPIRITS!
WHAT IS IT
YOU'RE TRYING
TO SHOW ME!?
Spirit voice:
THE PAST.
Thinking:
I SEE SOMETHING!
EVIL SOLDIERS.
[GASP] HOLD ON!
THE ANCIENT WAR!
THE ONE RAFAEL
TOLD ME ABOUT!
Rafael:
THE WORLD WAS DIVIDED
INTO TWO SIDES...
THE PURE OF HEART
AND THOSE RULED BY DARKNESS.
THE TWO SIDES FACED OFF
IN THE MOST DEVASTATING BATTLE
THE WORLD'S EVER SEEN.
AN ARMY OF DUEL MONSTERS
FOUGHT THE SOLDIERS
OF THE ORICHALCOS!?
COULD THAT BE
HOW THE CITY OF ATLANTIS
WAS DESTROYED?
BUT WHAT DOES
THIS ANCIENT BATTLE
HAVE TO DO WITH
WHAT'S GOING ON TODAY!?
WAIT! THAT LOOKS LIKE
CHRIS AND IRONHEART!
BUT HOW CAN THAT BE!?
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN!?
[ROARING]
I ONCE FOUGHT THIS VERY SOLDIER
AND HIS ARMY
IN THE GREAT BATTLE
TO SAVE ATLANTIS!
DID YOU SAY
ATLANTIS?!
MMM. THIS IS
THE SAME SPOT
WHERE WE MADE
OUR LAST STAND AGAINST
THE EVIL LORD DARTZ.
AND NOW
THE BATTLE
CONTINUES.
[ROARING]
[GASP]
NOW, MY ORICHALCOS SOLDIER,
HARNESS THE POWER OF
THE VERY SOURCE FROM
WHICH YOU WERE BORN
AND CONJURE THE ANCIENT SEAL
OF ORICHALCOS!
OH, NO!
THIS IS BAD.
LOOKS LIKE HIS FATE
IS SEALED.
NICE KNOWIN' YA,
PHARAOH.
[GASPING]
BE CAREFUL!
WHAT DO YOU WANT!?
[GASP]
HE WANTS TO DUEL!
DID HE JUST SUMMON
A MONSTER?!
OH!
MEET ORICHALCOS GIGAS!
ATTACK THE PHARAOH!
OH!
Female spirit:
FEAR NOT, MY PHARAOH.
THE LOST SPIRITS OF ATLANTIS
ARE HERE
TO PROTECT YOU, PHARAOH!
BUT THEY CANNOT ACT ALONE.
SUMMON YOUR MONSTERS,
AND THE SPIRITS
WILL ASSIST THEM!
VERY WELL, THEN.
TOGETHER WE'LL TAKE DOWN
THIS BEAST.
Yami-Yugi: I SUMMON GAZELLE
THE KING OF MYTHICAL BEASTS!
AND BERFOMET!
NOW I PLAY POLYMERIZATION!
FUSING MY MONSTERS
TO FORM CHIMERA
THE FLYING MYTHICAL BEAST!
ATTACK, CHIMERA!
IT'S BACK!
BUT NOW IT HAS
EVEN MORE ATTACK POINTS!
GO, CHIMERA!
OH!
EVERY TIME I ATTACK
HIS MONSTER,
IT COMES BACK
EVEN STRONGER!
MY FISSURE MAGIC CARD
SHOULD STOP IT!
HA! IT WORKED!
OR...MAYBE NOT.
IT MUST BE IMMUNE
TO MAGIC CARDS!
UHH!
WHEN CHIMERA
IS DESTROYED,
MY GAZELLE RETURNS!
NOT SO FAST!
I PLAY MY MIRROR FORCE
TRAP CARD!
IT REFLECTS YOUR ATTACK
RIGHT BACK!
HERE WE GO AGAIN!
TRAPS DON'T WORK
EITHER!
UHH!
NOTHING CAN STOP IT!
BUT I MUST PROTECT
MY LIFE POINTS!
GO, OBNOXIOUS
CELTIC GUARDIAN!
ARE YOU ALRIGHT!?
Yami-Yugi: LOOK OUT!
ONE MORE ATTACK...
AND I'M FINISHED!
Dartz: I'VE GOT YOU
RIGHT WHERE I WANT YOU,
PHARAOH.
HA HA HA HA!
LET'S SEE YOU GET YOURSELF
OUTTA THIS.
HE'S ABOUT
TO LOSE!
THERE IS BUT ONE THING
THAT CAN SAVE HIM.
THE CARD
HE GAVE YOU?
MMM.
THE EYE OF TIMAEUS!
THE CREATURE THAT FOUGHT
BY MY SIDE SO LONG AGO.
Chris: OH! GRANDPA!!
Thinking:
TIMAEUS, OLD FRIEND...
PLEASE BRING PEACE TO OUR LAND
ONCE AGAIN.
Yami-Yugi, thinking:
THAT VISION!
IT'S HAPPENING AGAIN!
I CAN SEE THE ANCIENT BATTLE
OF ATLANTIS!
Yami-Yugi: YOU THERE!
RUN! YOU'RE OUTNUMBERED!
[GASP] IRONHEART!? NOOOO!
IT'S CHRIS. NICE SHOT!
BUT YOU STILL NEED
MORE HELP!
[CREATURE ROARING]
IT'S TIMAEUS!
[DARTZ LAUGHING]
WHO IS THAT!?
[ROARING]
DON'T BE A FOOL,
TIMAEUS.
YOU CAN'T STOP ME.
I HOLD MORE POWER
IN MY FINGER...
THAN YOU DO
IN YOUR WHOLE BODY!
UHH!
NO!
[ROARING]
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHEN TO QUIT.
COME TO ME,
SWORD OF KINGS!
YAH!
[GASP]
NO! TIMAEUS!
HA HA HA HA! FAREWELL.
GREAT LEVIATHAN!
FINISH HIM OFF!
[GASPING
AND GROANING]
HE'LL NEVER FIGHT OFF
THOSE EVIL SPRITS ALONE!
COME ON, SKYE!
CHRIS, WAIT!
I MUST PROTECT THE PHARAOH,
OR ALL IS LOST!
SPIRITS BE GONE!
YOU KNOW WHAT TA DO, SKYE!
PHARAOH! TAKE THIS CARD!
IRONHEART!?
YOU'VE DISRUPTED MY PLANS
FOR THE LAST TIME, OLD MAN.
AAH!
IRONHEART! NO!
Chris: GRANDFATHER!
[GROANING]
PLEASE TAKE
THIS CARD FROM ME.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TO DEFEAT THAT BEAST.
UHH!
I CAN'T GET OUT!
GRANDPA?!
IT'S UP TO YOU.
WHATTA YOU MEAN,
GRAMPS?
[GROANING]
TAKE THIS...
AND BRING IT TO THE PHARAOH.
OTHERWISE,
ALL HOPE IS LOST.
GOOD LUCK.
[GASP]
NO! GRANDPA!
COME ON, SKYE.
STAY BACK!
[ROARING]
[GASP]
MY GUARDIAN'S
IN TROUBLE!
SO I'LL PLAY...
KURIBOH!
HERE I COME!
Thinking: GUESS AGAIN!
AAH!
CHRIS, ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?!
[GROANS]
YEAH, I THINK SO.
[WHIMPERS]
[GASP] NO!
SKYE'S BEEN CAPTURED!
PLEASE, CHRIS, TURN BACK!
IT'S FAR TOO DANGEROUS!
PHARAOH!
GRANDPA WANTED YOU
TO HAVE THIS!
NOOOOOO!
[SCREAMING]
CHRIS, NO!
[GASPING]
PHARAOH...
TAKE THIS...PLEASE.
WHAT IS IT?
[GROANING]
IT'S THE ONLY THING
THAT CAN STOP HIM.
IT SAVED US ONCE...
AND WITH YOUR HELP
IT CAN SAVE US AGAIN.
THE EYE OF TIMAEUS.
I TRUST YOU, PHARAOH.
THANK YOU.
HOLD ON! COME BACK!
Thinking: THERE'S ONLY
ONE THING LEFT TO DO.
I HOPE YOU DEEM ME
WORTHY OF YOUR POWER.
I'M TRULY SORRY FOR
HAVING BETRAYED YOU.
BUT THE LIVES OF
SO MANY INNOCENT PEOPLE
ARE DEPENDING ON YOU,
SO I ASK YOU--
NOT FOR MYSELF,
BUT FOR ALL THOSE
AT RISK--
PLEASE HELP ME, TIMAEUS.
THE FUTURE OF TWO WORLDS
HANGS IN THE BALANCE.
WE MUST WIN!
NOW I SACRIFICE
MY CELTIC GUARDIAN
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
NEXT I'LL PLAY...
THE LEGENDARY
EYE OF TIMAEUS!
HE'LL NEVER LEARN.
I DON'T BELIEVE IT.
HE SHOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN
ABLE TO SUMMON THAT DRAGON!
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL,
FUSE WITH TIMAEUS,
FORMING
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL
THE DRAGON KNIGHT!
NEXT I'LL ENHANCE
YOUR STRENGTH
WITH MY EXCALIBUR
MAGIC CARD!
ATTACK!
DESTROY HIS CREATURE
OF DARKNESS!
[GROANING]
Thinking: THIS ISN'T OVER,
PHARAOH.
Joey:
I'M ASSUMING YOU SEE
THAT GIGANTIC GREEN SUNSET
OVER THERE, RIGHT?
WHATTA YA THINK
IT IS?
HMM?
I'M GUESSIN'
IT'S GOT SOMETHIN'
TA DO WIT THIS!
LET'S JUST HOPE
TEA AND DA PHARAOH
ARE A'RIGHT!
HEY, WAIT!
IT'S YOUR TURN
TO CARRY REX!
I KNOW
YOU CAN HEAR ME!
Yami-Yugi:
WELL DONE,
MY CREATURES.
HE'S GONE NOW...
THANKS TO YOU TWO.
BUT I FEEL THIS IS
JUST THE BEGINNING.
Rafael: I HAFTA SAY,
I'M GLAD YOU WON, PHARAOH,
'CAUSE NOW I CAN BE THE ONE
WHO DELIVERS YOUR SOUL
TO MASTER DARTZ.
Tea: WAIT. THAT'S A CARVING
OF IRONHEART, CHRIS AND SKYE
FROM 10,000 YEARS AGO?
Yami-Yugi: YES.
SO YOU MEAN TO TELL ME
THAT THOSE GUYS WERE
JUST GHOSTS OR SOMETHING?
THEY'RE SPIRITS WHO ONCE
FOUGHT A GREAT WAR,
AND NOW THEY'VE BEEN
CAPTURED BY DARTZ.
THIS GIVES ME
3 MORE REASONS
TO HUNT DOWN THIS MADMAN
AND BRING PEACE
TO THE WORLD ONCE AGAIN.